docs: README split. More details about the tests. (#2)
piiano/vault-code-samples-nestjs-typeorm: README.md

`make app-run` - Start the application and its prerequisites (mainly MongoDB and Piiano Vault). 

`make app-test` - Test the high-level functionality of the CRUD as integrated with Piiano Vault.
  * `insert-get-delete`: Inserts a user, fetch it and then delete it. All protected properties are stored as tokens in the app's DB.
  * `search` - Search users by a protected property.
  * `list` - Lists all users that are pratially protected by Piiano Vault. All the protected properties are detokenized.

>   * `update`: Update a user with a nested protected property woks - The protected property is updated on Vault, and the resulting token is stored in the app's DB. Unmodified properties are untouched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `update`: Update a user with a nested protected property. The protected property is updated on Vault, and the resulting token is stored in the app's DB. Unmodified properties remain the same.
```
